---
layout: post
title: "Gavin Grier - My stalker"
date: 2026-04-01
tags: [personal]

---

### What did gavin grier do? Here’s a summary: 

  I was stalked for a period spanning approximately 11 months from April 2024 to April 2025. I believe Gavin Grier perpetrated the stalking. He created over 30 different phone numbers to send me targeted harassment over text and call. Simultaneously, he allowed me to continue seeing him on dates, allowing me to believe he genuinely liked me. The stalking stopped in April when I sent Gavin’s personal number a long list of screenshots of all the harassment messages, and I indicated to him that I knew who sent them. I also sued Gavin, and won. Gavin Grier was found liable for stalking, harassment, and vandalism, and was ordered to pay me a fine plus court fees.

(note: to view the court case, go here and search for “Gavin grier” https://www.fcmcclerk.com/case/view)



This page is dedicated to sharing my experiences with an individual named gavin grier. If you stumbled upon this page after researching his name, you may find this information useful as well. I have sat on this information for nearly a year, and unfortunately have learned that more and more people continue to be hurt by this individual, so I want to share my experience in the hopes that more individuals who see this can be better informed.

Also note that all information given on this page is strictly from my point of view. I will provide facts and evidence to support everything I display here. If you are interested, you can email questions(at)Sullivan(dot)mx. All real phone numbers and other personally identifiable information (PII) has been redacted from this post. The only identifying information on this page will be Gavin’s name. I will not disclose his phone number or that of anyone else, to avoid violating privacy laws. However, I will reveal the 30+ phone numbers that were used to harass me, since they are fake and generated by an online service.  


### What happened
I will tell this story in loose chronoligcal order. Note that images aren't yet uploaded but will be, very soon.




JANUARY 2024: I meet a man named Gavin Grier on grindr. I’m in columbus, ohio at the time, finishing up my last year of undergrad at Ohio State. Gavin has just moved here from Seattle. He goes to a flight school in Sidney, ohio. 
Gavin and I start texting and he wants to make plans. He comes over to my apartment on March 5th, 2024. He comes over, we talk for a while, and then we go on a date. We take a discounted Lyft ride down to this bar called Lincoln social.



After that night, we stay in touch. Gavin wants to keep talking; he texts and suggests making plans. I tell him that I am in my busiest semester of college so I am not sure how much effort I’d be willing to put in. I tell gavin that I would probably have time after I graduate, on may 5th. 



Around march 22nd, I lose cell service for three days. I call T-Mobile and work to get it resolved. I get cell service back on March 25th. 
I text Gavin on the day I don’t have cell service, so the imessage comes through as “spsful@icloud.com”. That is why, in this screenshot, he says he thinks he was blocked. Anyway I follow up about plans because he wanted to do something on a Sunday. But as you can see, I didn’t text back and actually make the plans happen. The next text I sent was on April 4th.





(Screenshots with blue borders mean they are coming from Gavin Grier – his number is --------. I intentionally deleted his contact so you can see it is HIS phone number on every text.)


On April 4th, I texted gavin asking if he wanted to go to my fraternity formal. I felt bad for leaving him hanging in the weeks prior. As you can see in the screenshot in the prior page, he texted back near instantly.
For context, April 4th was a Thursday. I texted him at 12:00AM, for a formal THAT WEEKEND, on April 5th. In my opinion, being asked to a plan this last minute should indicate the plans are volatile, especially when the person tells you that ‘plans are changing’ and ‘its not 100% certain yet’. I actually asked 3 people before Gavin, and it was too difficult for the others to plan a trip with such short notice.


Gavin was interested in going, but  I said plans were all over the place. and then didn’t respond very quickly after that.
On Friday morning, he texted me and  I replied saying we should probably call off the plans because a lot was changing and it would be too much to coordinate. 

I didn’t text back. Interestingly enough, this is around the time when my first stalker appeared.
 

So the stalking. A few days earlier, on March 25th, the day after I got cell service back, I get a text from this fake number. The number is harassing me for being gay.
I now believe this to be Gavin. Notice the slang.. not many people say “fkn” like that.







The second image is a screenshot when I search imessage on my mac for “fkn”. You can see that even in january of 2025, Gavin (I deleted the contact so you can verify Gavin’s number there – his REAL number is --------) texts me using that slang. He did in 2024, and he continued to in 2025. For the rest of this document, I’ll be marking screenshots with red borders if the text came from a stalker, and blue if the text came from Gavin himself.
 
Around April 14th, 2024, I get constant texts from this number. Keep in mind, gavin and I haven’t spoken since that day on April 4th.

This number uses slang just like Gavin. “fkn” and “tmmr” are spellings that only gavin uses. See this next screenshot (blue border) for examples of when Gavin uses the word ‘tmmr’. The red screenshot is texts that came from the random number.


 

After weeks of stalking and unwanted texts, I finally got the number to call me using *67. I had changed the way my phone works so that when a number called me, it would unblock any *67 and show the real number that was calling. (See: Trapcall.com). It was at that moment, on April 15th, 2024, that I got a call from  *67 number. It resolved to be ---------, a phone number corresponding to a gay man in Columbus, ohio named ----------. ------ and I also had history, but I hadn’t spoken to him since 2023. At the time he wanted to hook up, but I had ghosted him. 

I woke up the morning of April 16, 2024, to missed calls from --------. It was then that I received the following texts from the stalker. I replied, saying “----------, do not contact me again.”
I then followed the procedures at Ohio State for sexual harassment. I accused ----------- of being the stalker and sexually harassing me. ------ contested that he never texted or called me. He had very convenient screenshots which showed someone named “chloe” was stalking him too! How convenient. 
It is now my belief that Gavin told -----, among others (there were many phone numbers) to call me. There were green bubbles, blue bubbles, phone calls and facetime calls.  One of the iPhones even said it was his cousin who asked him to ptank me. I believe that cousin is Gavin Grier. I have the name of this person as well, so if Gavin’s family can confirm this is indeed their cousin, we know Gavin gave him my number and told him to harass me. The person who owns this number also told me in a separate text that he is from Seattle, just like Gavin.
I believe Gavin had his cousins, and his gay friends prank call and text me.
Notice the blue bubbles of the texts this page. This shows that it was a REAL number, attached to a REAL iphone, that called me. This is important because you can trace these numbers. Screenshot 1 was a fake number from an app. When it’s a green bubble and it says SMS, that means it could be a random number from an app like Pinger. But when it’s a blue bubble, it’s a real phone number tied to a REAL Apple ID.







Again, I find it very interesting that this cousin is from Seattle, Washington.  Gavin Grier is from Seattle, Washington. 
’







 
This brings us to May 2024. Gavin and I don’t talk much in April. Around the beginning of May 2024, we start snapping back and forth. We catch up, and I invite him to come to columbus again.
He comes to columbus and spends the day with me. I don’t want him to spend the night, so he drives home around 9PM. 
During this time, Stalker 1 had stopped texting me. The last message from stalker 1 was April 17th.
 
June 2024:  I texted gavin on June 7th asking when we could make plans. We originally planned on hanging out on Teusday, June 11th. He followed up with me, as he normally does, and I said yes, but then rescheduled at the last minute. I asked if we could make plans Friday instead. He said yes and then he came into town that Friday night.
Friday night was fun. He got into town and we went out to dinner, then joined up with my roommate Michael and his friends. I added gavin into the group chat Micahel made for the night, since we were joining a larger group.
   
From this night forward (June 21, 2024), Gavin had the phone number of myself as well as Michael Nagy, my roommate. 
He also befriended Michael’s friend Kaylee this night; Kaylee was part of the friend group, and she lived in Chicago. Micahel isn’t very close to her, but they talk occasionally. After this night, Gavin and Kaylee became best friends, texting every few days.

After this night, Gavin asks me if I am looking for anything with him. I say no, that I don’t feel a romantic connection, but I would be interested in occasionally hooking up if that is what he wanted. He said he wanted something more serious, so he politely declined. We went about our business and didn’t speak for most of July.
In July 2024, Gavin and I had our last conversation for weeks. He asked if I was still taking my Europe trip in late July, to which I replied that no, I was not, because both my mom and dad were moving and I needed to help them move. He said “you can’t just find some friends to replace them?”
I remember being so mad I wanted to yell. I replied, “What the fuck? Replace my parents on the family trip, that was supposed to be with family, that the family was paying for?”

Gavin left me on opened. We never spoke after that. I was pissed.
 
SEPTEMBER 2024: Flash forward a few months. I meet an interesting man on Grindr, who calls himself ‘river’. This man is sending photos to me, claiming he wants to hook up. He says he is going to a flight school in ohio in December.  He sends me the photos attached below. He refuses to give me his real number, he communicates through a phone number connected to the app called “Pinger”.  
However, I thought it was weird that one of the photos had the “Grindr” logo at the bottom left. Grindr used to do that with photos, but they haven’t watermarked them since at least 2019. This seemed like it could be an old photo, screenshotted and re-used.

I search the face behind these images online, and it linked a porn link featuring the face in this image. After seeing that I was very confused, as it was the ONLY result that came back. Most times, when you search a face, you get photos of them  from college, high school, military, etc. 

Either way, I kept texting the number. He seemed interesting.
These are the pictures this person sent me: 
At first, the texts were about sex, then about the stalker’s life. He said he was moving to ohio to become a pilot, and he would be going to this flight school near Columbus. He said he had a girlfriend. I found this hard to believe, because he constantly texted me back. He never left me on delivered. And he would get mad when I wouldn’t reply.
Eventually, he asked about my past history with guys, and I told him about this one guy, Gavin, who he would meet at the flight school. I called gavin an asshole. 


The screenshots below show you the day I told the Grindr man about Gavin. This was the first time the stalker had any indication that I thought Gavin was a dick. I had never brought him up before. This was also probably the first time that gavin would have known I thought he was a dick. If Gavin were the stalker, he now knows at this moment that I think he’s a ‘narcissist’, ‘dick’, and ‘asshole’. If someone called me a dick, I’d be mad.




 


After this, the number became unhinged. Within a day, the number decided it was time to stop talking to me, because I was ‘super stuck up’. This came WITHIN ONE DAY of me mentioning how much of a dick Gavin was.



The screenshot on the left is from October 1st, the one on the right is from October 2nd. 
I can take screen recordings of all of these texts or show you by giving you my phone if you would like to confirm these dates/times for yourself. I also have my bills from T-Mobile that show the dates/times of phone numbers that text me. This is important because whoever the stalker is made fake screenshots of texts that I was supposedly sending, so I make sure to go to extra lengths to prove the messages I’m getting. It’s easy to fake a text, but a screen recording or me giving you my phone is me letting you see any text I got, uncensored..
 
The stalker told me he contacted Gavin on October 2nd by “finding his number on the schedule”. Supposedly referring to the flight schedule? But the stalker gives NO info on the SPECIFIC flight school he found out gavin works at – no screenshots, no name, nothing. The stalker just merely mentions he ‘texted him’. 
Interesting how the stalker found gavin’s number, right? When numbers of flight school staff aren’t published anywhere on any website? I find it hard to believe that the stalker miraculously found Gavin’s number online.




October 3, 2024. The stalker texts me after seeing that I am online on Grindr. He gets mad, because I am not supposed to be talking to other guys (lol). He blows up in my messages. Again, all this is 2 days after I mention that gavin is a huge dick. I met the stalker around septmeber 14th, and we had texted consistently before this. 


I messaged gavin on snapchat shortly after this to ask about how he was doing. I hadn’t talked to him in a while, and felt very bad about myself after all these texts from the stalker. Gavin responded, and I explained the situation about the stalker. Gavin told me the stalker reached out to him, but didn’t seem concerned AT ALL.





\


The image below is also in a longer screen recording if you would like to see. But the screenshot shows Gavin saying that phone numbers are listed on his flight school’s reservation website. They are not.


Also, gavin NEVER followed up about this—he never seemed to ask the school about his ‘stalker’ and how the stalker got his number.







October 1st, 2024. After this, Gavin unadds me on snapchat. It is at this time that the stalker continues to message me. Two days later, the stalker blows up at me, saying I am stuck up and that he needs to block me.

The number actually continued to message me and blew up at me two days later, on October 3rd, 2024.










After that, nothing. But the number did text me days later to ask if I had heard from the ‘narcissist’ (gavin).  The person texting me clearly had an obsession with the fact that I called Gavin a narcissist, and was taking extreme measures to constantly point it out. 
The screenshot the number sends me at the bottom is a photo from his phone. It’s a screenshot of me calling Gavin a narcissist.  

As you can see, the phone number stopped talking to me right after I called Gavin a narcissist.  And kept bringing up the fact that I said bad things about him. Moreover, the last text was from the number sending me SCREENSHOTS that they were supposedly sending to Gavin. That was just to get a reaction from me.  A way to show me that he had receipts of everything I said, and he was still sending them to Gavin. 

Why would a guy care so much about two gay men he never even met?











Time goes on and nothing else really happens. I get really upset because the number ruined my chance with Gavin (or so I think). I wish he hadn’t told Gavin what I said, because I actually regret saying those things about gavin. Time distorts my view of the past, and I start to think that maybe Gavin wasn’t rude, wasn’t disrespectful. Maybe I am just an asshole. The stalker keeps calling me one, so maybe I am. I lost all my self confidence. 

For those who say, ‘just stop responding’, it’s not that easy. I DO stop responding. But whether or not I respond, the texts keep coming. They never stop. My belief shifts into deciding to continue to reply, since it increases the chance that he messes up and exposes who he is. Which is exactly what happens (6 months later).
I kept replying every time he would attack me or threaten me. I wanted him to stop making people hate me. I told him I would no longer text him unless he fixed things with Gavin and apologized for harassing him.
Prepare for a rollercoaster of screenshots…




   
 
Now, by far the most creepy thing happens: The number starts calling me, and I answer. And I try to talk to the person on the other end. At first, they don’t respond, but then the number starts speaking.
Moments into the call, I realize it’s a robot playing a pre recorded message. I get chils.

See the recorded call here: ----------
It is disgusting.
After that, I realize this person is very scary. They don’t even want me to know what their voice sounds like. All those photos I was sent, they have to be made up. It all has to be fake. This person had to have been catfishing me from the start.

Anyway, here are more screenshots as time goes on:



Notice how he says “I’m not threatening you”
Then *threatens me*, then, since he knows he is threatening me, pivots to “no way a threat from me would bother you”. 


Notice how he stops responding to me in November. In mid November, I actually text gavin and ask to see him. I feel bad about the way we ended a few weeks ago, and I am determined to see him again and try to make things right:
 

 
 
 

Gavin and I texted back and forth from December until January, when we made plans. I went over that night, explained what happened, and we had a good time. I spent the night (nothing happened), and left the next morning. 
After that, he wanted to make plans again, but I had a busy schedule between work and school so I told him we could go to a concert on Jan 28th.




He came over and we went to a concert that night, with one of my friends.
After that I drove us back and he spent the night. Like last time, nothing happened. But I think that, for Gavin, this may have been the problem.


I think at this point Gavin wasn’t happy that I didn’t push things romantically. While I loved seeing Gavin again, I realized I only enjoyed being friends with him, not being romantic. So I was acting more as a friend.
Interestingly enough, after gavin confronts me, and I reply to him saying “I don’t know” where my head is at and that “nothing changed for me romantically” (see the prior page screenshots), the stalker comes back into existence. Stalker hasn’t been texting either of us since November, conveniently when I reached out and got back into Gavin’s good graces.
It almost felt like Gavin was using the stalker as a reason to blow me off. But I was honest with him in my reply.













 




Here is the text he sent right after my message saying I don’t feel anything romantic.



After that, I was mad so I didn’t reply.
Interestingly enough, the stalking got so much worse from this day forward.




 
LATE JANUARY / EARLY FEBRUARY 2024.
Gavin doesn’t text me, but the stalker does. threats, harassment, even VANDALISM of my car. 
He texts this to my Google phone number). He said to go look at my car. I thought there was a weapon or something left behind. I went to the parking garage, but was careful to not walk up to my car – I walked up to another SUV, and stared at it for a moment, and then peered at my car from across the garage. I walked out, and then received a text from the number saying that he now knows what kind of car I drive.


In hindsight, I believe this was Gavin. Seeing as I just drove him to a concert days before, he now knew what kind of car I drove. 
(You may say that he already knew what car I drove, but this is not true: we hadn’t seen each other since last summer, and last summer I drove a red jeep. I got a new car, a Kia sedan, in August, after Gavin and I stopped talking and making plans.)







After this, he sent me more harassment. I won’t go into details explaining every screenshot, but I encourage you to check the date and time that each text was sent. These texts continued to be sent to both me and my roommate. Sometimes it was pure harassment, sometimes it was phishing— someone pretending to be a car insurance agent or a coworker of mine.

                


 

   


I also received numerous phone calls from random numbers. Most of them were from fake numbers, but one was an iPhone. It corresponded to a man named ---- (not naming him for privacy reasons). Checking the snapchat attached to the number confirmed this.



April 2025:
 The texts stop coming. I think the number just got tired since my roommate and I never replied to any of the messages starting January 1.






 

### The aftermath


We had known since February. My roommate and I suspected it because he had us on snapchat. That would explain why the stalker first texted me asking about my phone number; I posted about losing cell service in my private story, which he was apart of. The stalker would also text us about my roomate’s location at various points in the day, which made sense, as my roommate shared his snap maps with everyone. My roommate stopped sharing snap maps and those specific texts went away. In addition, we fed Gavin’s friends fake information. My roommate told Kaylee that he hates me, Sean, and that he’s moving out because of the stalker situation. That was when we got this text:

 

The day I started dating my [now ex] boyfriend, the stalker texted me. He saw us kissing. That was the same day I went to the courthouse to file suit against Gavin Grier. I had known it was him for several reasons, but now I was ready to act out. I filed suit against him in May 2025. Gavin moved back to Washington during this time, and evaded the courts. The courts examined the evidence and ruled in my favor. I have learned from people around Gavin that he specifically moved back to Washington to escape the legal challenges I leveled against him. In this respect, he moved back eventually, but he believes that the ‘dust has settled’ and that he is in the clear. Legally, I made my peace, but unfortunately this has led to multiple people reaching out to me because they heard my name. From what I understand, this situation has happened to multiple others. I am happy to provide more details if someone is interested (just reach out) but I will not identify those individuals to protect their privacy. 

For these reasons, I am putting this story out into the open, so that more people can see what happened to me after I met Gavin. Finally, I will include a piece of audio. This is an audio recording of me serving Gavin Grier with the court order to pay money. His response suggested to me that he already knew this was coming. Gavin Grier was found liable for stalking, harassment, and vandalism of my car, and has been ordered to pay me a fine as a result. He did not appeal this judgement.

One final note: I tried to reference specific dates and attach relevant screenshots as evidence throughout this article. Know that, for all facts contained herein, I have MULTIPLE written statements from Gavin’s friends, cousins, as well as other men he have harassed in the past, who have written to me corroborating my story. I also have multiple people who are able to speak to the stalking he committed against me, as he has bragged about it to multiple people. 

Every single fact in this story is verifiable. 

Gavin grier, pilot, ohio, Sidney ohio, 
